
Scripts mode allows users to write a script that later can be used to produce or generate a video. 

The main purpose is that user can create a script that is based on the idea and vibe of one or more videos that they have uploaded and analyzed, but in accordance with the provided requirements and specifications. I.e. the user don't want to just copy the content of the videos, but rather use them as inspiration and guidance for creating a new script that has a similar style, theme, or structure, but with different content and details. This allows users to leverage the insights and analysis from their existing videos to create new and original scripts that are tailored to their specific needs and goals.

The command Scripts is available in the left side navigation menu.

When user clicks on the Scripts command, they will be taken to the Scripts page, that
shows a table with all the scripts that the user has created. The table has the following columns:
    - Name: the name of the script
    - Based On: the list of videos that the script is based on (if any)
    - Created At: the date and time when the script was created
    - Updated At: the date and time when the script was last updated
    - Actions: buttons to edit or delete the script 

The corresponding collection should be created in the database to store the scripts. 

There is also a button to create a new script. When user clicks on the Create New Script button, they will be taken to the Script Details page, where they can fill in the details of the script they want to create. The Script Details page has the following fields:
    - Name: the name of the script (required)
    - Based On: a list of videos that the script is based on (optional)
        - For adding a video to the Based On list, the dropdown is placed next to the field. When user clicks on the dropdown, a list of videos that the user has uploaded will be shown. User can select one video from the list and then press the Add button to include it in the Based On list.
        - Next to each video in the Based On list, there is a Remove button that allows the user to remove the video from the list if they change their mind.
    - Language: a dropdown where the user can select the language of the final script (required)        
    - Duration: a field where the user can specify the desired duration of the final video (optional)
    - Script Content: a text area where the user can write the arbitrary information for the script (required)
        - The Script Content field is a free-form text area where the user can write any information they want to include in the script. This can be a detailed description of the video, a list of scenes, a dialogue, or any other information that the user thinks is relevant for the script. The content of this field will be used as input for the video generation process, so it should be as detailed and specific as possible to achieve the best results.
        - For entering the script content, the system should provide a CodeMirror for
        a markdown.

On the Script Details page, there are also buttons to Save the script or Cancel the creation/editing process. When user clicks on the Save button, the script will be saved and the user will be taken back to the Scripts page where they can see the list of all their scripts including the one they just created or edited. If user clicks on the Cancel button, they will be taken back to the Scripts page without saving any changes.

There is also a Generate Script button. When user clicks on the Generate Script button, the system:

1. Validates the input fields to ensure that all required information is provided and that the data is in the correct format.
2. Takes an information of analysis of the videos in the Based On list (if any).
3. Adds the content of the Script Content field to the information from step 2.
4. Generates an output information that can be used to create a video. 
5. This output information should resemble the information we get on analyzing a video, i.e. it should include:
    - a detailed description of the video, 
    - a narrative structure,
    - a list of scenes, incuding the details of each scene (e.g. setting, characters, actions, distortion filters etc.),
    - dialogues, 
    - onscreen writings, including their content, style, fonts, colors and timing,
    - call to actions 
    - any other relevant information that can be used to guide the video creation process. 
6. The generated script should be coherent and structured in a way that it can be easily followed during the video production.
7. The generated information should appear on the Script Details page in an editable format, so that the user can review it and make any necessary adjustments before using it for video creation.
8. The user can adjust the Script Content field and then click on the Generate Script button again to update the generated script based on the new content. This allows the user to iteratively refine the script until they are satisfied with the result.
9. The only texts are generated by the system. If there are needs for images, video effects, sounds, or any other media elements, they should be described in the generated script in a way that it can be easily understood and implemented during the video production process. For example, if the script calls for a specific scene with a certain setting and characters, the generated script should include a detailed description of that scene, including the visual elements, actions, and any relevant details that can guide the video creation process.